Added SeenThis page block and custom tag (#236)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/create_edit_content_items.md

Your installation can also have custom elements available in the Rich Text field.
Contact your website administrator about the details of using them.

### SeenThis! streaming

!!! note

>     This custom tag is in an opt-in bundle, to use it, install the bundle first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This custom tag is in an opt-in bundle, to use it, install `ibexa/connector-seenthis` bundle first.
```

>     This custom tag is in an opt-in bundle, to use it, install `ibexa/connector-seenthis` bundle first.

Author: It's a bundle.
